✨ Add configuration `ExternallyProvisioned` for clusterctl (#13739)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/book/src/clusterctl/configuration.md

Please note that the configuration above will be considered also when doing `clusterctl upgrade plan` or `clusterctl upgrade apply`.

For situations when you are using your own cert-manager installation, you can tell clusterctl init that cert-manager is already installed by adding a field to the clusterctl config file, for example:

```yaml
cert-manager:
  ...
  externallyProvisioned: true
  timeout: 15m
  ...
```

> This will use the provided timeout value to wait for the externally installed cert-manager installation and **not** install cert-manager.  If the externally provisioned cert-manager installation fails, clusterctl will fail to initialize the management cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `externallyProvisioned` flag is set, clusterctl will not install cert-manager but only test if it is proper working. If cert-manager is not working the test will be repeated until `timeout` expires; after that clusterctl int will stop and report an error.
```
